TODO.md, before:

# TODO list
## Bugs
- When adding a PDF image, it is mirrored about 20% of the time.

## Features
### Priority features
- Title "page" : author affiliations, date
- Tables
- Footnotes
- Working shortcuts and shortcuts indications (ex for section titles)

### Useful features
- Export to PDF through LaTeX compilation
- Subscript and superscript in text rendered using MathJax
- Support for different languages in code blocks (for syntax highlighting)
- Save/Open just for documentOptions (global styling)
- Exporting ready-to-compile folder (with images, bibliography...)

### Minor features
- Possibility to show margins
- Two columns layout
- Custom Figure prefix (FIG instead of Figure for example)
- Other bibliographic styles
- Custom style for the bibliography title (replace "References" with a horizontal separator for example)
- Choice for another font
- Other citation styles (ex : superscript)
- Drag-and-drop Figures or equations for quick references

### Possible later features
- Cooperation
- Working with bibliography software
- Other document formats (slides,...)

## Other improvements (UI/UX, ...)
- In real width mode, show the edges of the page
- Make scrollbar for the editing area look better (ex white bg)
- Make the options panel more understandable

Commit message:

fixed bugs from last commit, updated sample file

TODO.md, after:

# TODO list
## Bugs
- When adding a PDF image, it is mirrored about 20% of the time.
- Special characters from .bib files (like "{\'e}") are not taken into account. The parsing function is to be modified.

## Features
### Priority features
- Title "page" : author affiliations, date
- Tables
- Footnotes
- Working shortcuts and shortcuts indications (ex for section titles)

### Useful features
- Export to PDF through LaTeX compilation
- Subscript and superscript in text rendered using MathJax
- Support for different languages in code blocks (for syntax highlighting)
- Save/Open just for documentOptions (global styling)
- Exporting ready-to-compile folder (with images, bibliography...)

### Minor features
- Possibility to show margins
- Two columns layout
- Custom Figure prefix (FIG instead of Figure for example)
- Other bibliographic styles
- Custom style for the bibliography title (replace "References" with a horizontal separator for example)
- Choice for another font
- Other citation styles (ex : superscript)
- Drag-and-drop Figures or equations for quick references

### Possible later features
- Cooperation
- Working with bibliography software
- Other document formats (slides,...)

## Other improvements (UI/UX, ...)
- In real width mode, show the edges of the page
- Make scrollbar for the editing area look better (ex white bg)
- Make the options panel more understandable
